Doubts:

Q) Is autonomous type is faster than Standard type?
Q) What is initiative procedure in persistant mode ?
Q) WSC exchange?


Wi-Fi Direct devices connect to one another without joining a traditional home, office, or public network.
Wi-Fi Direct connections between devices are the underlying technology for many applications, including Miracast®
 When two or more Wi-Fi Direct-certified devices connect directly, they form a Wi-Fi Direct group using Wi-Fi Protected Setup™

Q) How is Miracast related to Wi-Fi Direct?
A) Miracast builds upon Wi-Fi Direct with mechanisms to negotiate video capabilities, setup content protection (if needed), stream content, and maintain the video session.

Q) How does security work for Wi-Fi Direct products? 
A) they have protection of the security features certified under the WPA2 program, but are managed separately from the security system in the AP-based network (home, enterprise, hotspot)

NOTE: Simultaneous connection to a Wi-Fi Direct group and an infrastructure network is an optional feature.
 Wi-Fi Direct devices can support the Power Save feature certified under the WMM® program

Q) Can a network based on devices certified under the Wi-Fi Direct program cross connect to an infrastructure network for internet connectivity?
A) Yes. A single device in a Wi-Fi Direct-certified group network may share internet connectivity with other devices in the network by creating simultaneous infrastructure and Wi-Fi Direct
   connections. A network of devices certified under the Wi-Fi Direct program operates in a security domain separate from the infrastructure network, even when cross-connected.

Q) Does the specification underlying the Wi-Fi Direct certification program work on both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands?
A) Yes, the specification underlying the Wi-Fi Direct certification program supports operation in both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. Devices operating in the 2.4 GHz frequency band only and devices
   operating in both the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands can be certified under the Wi-Fi Direct program. Not all Wi-Fi Direct-certified devices support both frequency bands, however,
   so you should check which bands your devices support.

Q) If I make a Wi-Fi Direct group with another person, can they see all of the contents of my device?
A) Not without your permission. The content available over a Wi-Fi Direct group connection is driven by the applications you are using.

Q) How fast is Wi-Fi Direct?
A) Wi-Fi Direct supports Wi-Fi speeds up to 250 Mbps. Even at lower speeds, Wi-Fi provides plenty of throughput for transferring multimedia content with ease. The performance of a particular group of Wi-Fi Direct devices depends on whether the devices are 802.11a,
   g, or n, as well as the particular characteristics of the devices and the physical environment.

Q) How many devices can connect?
A) A Wi-Fi Direct-certified network can be one-to-one, or one-to-many. Connection to multiple other devices is an optional feature that will not be supported in all Wi-Fi Direct devices; some devices will only make 1:1 connections.

Support: Android 4.0, AirPlay and AirDrop, Smart televisions often allow casting from Wi-Fi Direct devices, and many streaming devices, such as Roku and Chromecast, are compatible as well
